Update docs tools lecture (#166)
Simulation-Software-Engineering/Lecture-Material: 00_organization/organizational_remarks_week10_slides.md

---
type: slide
slideOptions:
  transition: slide
  width: 1400
  height: 900
  margin: 0.1
  data-background-color: green
---

<style>
  .reveal strong {
  font-weight: bold;
    color: orange;
  }
  .reveal p {
    text-align: left;
  }
  .reveal section h1 {
    color: orange;
  }
  .reveal section h2 {
    color: orange;
  }
  .reveal code {
    font-family: 'Ubuntu Mono';
    color: orange;
  }
  .reveal section img {
    background:none;
    border:none;
    box-shadow:none;
  }
</style>

# Organizational Things Week 10

---

## Overview of Upcoming Weeks

We had to move things around a bit.

<style>
td {
    font-size: 35px
}
</style>

| Date | Type | Chapter | Topic | Lecturer |
| ---- | ---- | ------- |------ | -------- |
| 12.01. |Lecture | 4 | Documentation Tools | Benjamin |

> | 12.01. |Lecture | 6 | Licenses, Versioning, TODO, ... | Benjamin |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 12.01. |Lecture | 6 | Licenses, Versioning, ... | Benjamin |
```

| 19.01. |Lecture | 5 | Testing in Python | Ishaan |
| 19.01. |Lab | 5 | Testing in Python | Ishaan |
| 26.01. |Lecture | 5 | Automation, CI/CD | Benjamin |
| 26.01. |Lab | 5 | Automation, CI/CD | Benjamin |
| 02.02. |Lecture | 5 | Boost.Test | Benjamin |
| 02.02. |Lab | 5 | Boost.Test | Benjamin |
| 09.02. |Presentations | C | **final student presentations** | students |
| 09.02. |Presentations | C | **final student presentations** | students |

---

## Challenge Step 3: Suggestions

> - Heterogeneous field: from great already done contributions to not really started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Heterogeneous field: from *already did good contributions* to *not really started*
```
